students of the whale I am from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, where are you from, Chelyabinsk region, the city of Chelyabinsk, Well, not Chelyabinsk, you thought for so long what you can say But you support the special operation, why are you such young girls special operation because This is the right decision And what is right, I want to understand Kyiv a few shelling for years, you can say your own territories, your own people, when the Russian military military comes there, so to speak, they were afraid of this and begin to do it in an enhanced mode because they realized that they can stand up for the Donbass. I correctly understood that, according to you, the Ukrainian military shelled their territories Donetsk And now the Russian military came and the Ukrainians began to shell the place even more So you said Well, it is, that is, it turns out that the special operation only made it worse and the Ukrainian military began to fire more and your military there destroyed Mariupol, for example, the city completely Yes, and other cities  Well, yes,
Mariupol Look at the photos of
Mariupol, for example, before the New Year, yes,
before 2020, a beautiful living city there
and now,
that is, before yours, before your
troops did not come, manipulations normally
lived, only you defended
it,
it turns out we are
fascists
Take these photos of Mariupol
Open Mariupol  before and Mariupol
is
not here now
after you see it is unpleasant The truth
helps to restore the building
400 thousand people almost half a million
people so Russia destroyed this
city to help people from Mariupol I
understood correctly
so half of them are resettled
I correctly understood that Russia came
destroyed their city to help them  and
now they are being relocated correctly.
Well, yes, Russia had the task of
destroying Ukraine
, why not?
here you are the
city of M  ariupol
serviceman
opened pictures of Mariupol Have you seen or
we see you have seen destroyed yes everything
we are talking about infrastructure If the
city is actually destroyed there Yes, in my
city there are a lot of refugees Mariupol
some of them left for Russia I look like someone
where to save anyway and how Russia
helped this  half a million of the population of
Mariupol
they allocate them a
super place of residence And why
couldn’t it be just look we
allocate a place of residence for you just
Come we will not destroy your
city I can’t understand
so look no one really destroyed
it again Open Here you are looking at the photos
Now I’m looking at the photos you
see Well, the ruined city is destroyed,
look to take the same Donetsk, wait for
it Come on now We’ll finish with Mariupol
and move on to Donetsk, look at
these photos, for example, there are
Mariupol at the
top, this is Aleppo Syria below This is
Mariupol
Ukraine, these are the people who lived here in  this
house, I understand that they were helped  And
now they are relocating somewhere Why
is it possible to say that the problem is look
people we Russia want to resettle you we
give you houses here come
move in Why did you have to kill
some of them some of them ran away and left all their
property someone died Why I can’t
understand how this help
well, what makes you think that
Russian military personnel did it, you need to
look again before the Russian
military personnel came there with the war,
everything flourished there, yes, once again
Open before and after
Mariupol What makes you think that
your troops came to the territory of Ukraine
But this  it’s obvious that the fool doesn’t
turn
on here, we came to the territory of Donetsk and
Luhansk regions, this is not the territory of
Ukraine, this is the territory of Ukraine, the region,
this is Ukraine and Mariupol. Here are the people who
lived there, they lived in Ukraine
and that
they lived normally, girls like
you went to schools went  to universities
once again open photos Here is
cool Mariupol before and after look
very cool now  from the photo it will be
For example, you see before and after you
can see everything is colored and everything is shorter there,
so it turns out how beautiful
I also understand, they told you on TV
they came to help, but what do you
think? If you live in Chelyabinsk and
for example China will come to bomb
Chelyabinsk what  to help you and then he
will say Let's
move you like Who survived, for example,
in China, what is this help
Well, look, it's not about that now, but about
something that Russia just bombed the
city again, it actually destroyed the city,
they were defending my whole  Russian as a defender
, they came here to
defend themselves
Well, let's think, I don't want to offend you there
Just let's turn on the brain
if
people lived in Mariupol, everything was here
Ukraine your troops gathered a huge
group came
captured Mariupol fired bombed
at the theater in Mariupol threw off an air bomb
Yes  which is where people were hiding in the
basement
who is all for what I can’t understand
what help is
in cutting  help me We
killed a huge number of people
tens of thousands of people
died in what
Donbass asked for help from
Russia for several years again look like this Mariupol
did not ask for any help
where Mariupol asked for some help
Russia come destroyed at home here
Show me
and here
Mariupol was
bombed killed destroyed where
Mariupol I don’t remember So that all these
years Mariupol asked Come Russian
troops to protect us We are suffering here,
it
’s difficult to turn on the brain but it’s necessary
so
come on, if we even a little start to
turn on the brain and delve into what is
happening We look good If you
help to save something, then somehow
salvation and help
looks a little different than in these photographs a
photograph of the
liberated Mariupol  see What they
say Well, Russia is now resettling
people helping P  wait, if
people didn’t come to Russia and they didn’t have to
move, people all lived normally in
their own way, went to work or to school,
loved each other, went to the Park or
ice cream
And what in their heads or people don’t think, they
just broadcast Propaganda that
we already bombed Donbass to pour into them  came and
we came to bomb if we are watching
Mariupol no Mariupol did not ask for
salvation people lived in peace lived
absolutely calmly came Russia
destroyed a prosperous Ukrainian city,
so you and I must
reach out to every swollen
brain at the beginning at the beginning of our stream, I
said that yes, Mordor is such
a territory where everyone who is there falls
under the influence. This is the brain, the brain
atrophies and just starts
broadcasting propaganda, so we saw a
real character, they even think
about it.  starts to
turn on This is a protective  I'm a reaction
Starts looking for some such let's say
How to get away And how can I tell
myself that your state is a complete
terrorist Subscribe Glory to Ukraine